ByBike is a application which solves, potentially time consuming and dangerous routing problems such as diversion into disfavored areas which are inaccessible,  heavily trafficked or require excessive energy to overcome such as an uphill road. The aim is to improve cyclist’s routes to their destination so the user can have more enjoyable journeys and keep them safe by bringing to attention any obstructions or potential problems on their route. ByBike plans to grant navigation advice primarily based on community feedback, allowing the user to self-verify which route they want to take.

Legend:

<br>Student ID - GitHub Name</br>
<br>UP827158 - Chtzmre</br>
<br>UP864461 - 864461</br>
<br>UP821837 - 821837/8212837</br>
<br>UP837518 - UP837518/rehanchughtai97</br>
<br>UP914294 - up914294</br>
<br>UP858239 - BradS0</br>

How to run the web application:

Download node.js
Open Command Line

cd - Directory of our repository

npm install
npm install -g @angular/cli
git clone https://github.com/OpenClassrooms-Student-Center/5614116-front-end-app.git frontend


Open the backend folder

Ctrl - shift - right click

Open Windows Powershell

npm init

npm install --g
-----
missing the ng serve stuff?
-----

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Based from previous submissions, we intended to write this program in HTML,CSS, JavaScript and PHP. We then opted to using A mean stack due to people not being well versed in javascript. Initially, we where going to use minimal javascript and work mainly on html,css and php. However, when it came to implement and write the code for the prototype, we found it would be a lot more effecient and appropriate to include AngularJS, especially based on the fact that it helps to communicate backend and frontend. 

Changes made on implementing the prototype


Implemented Functions:
-Register a new user
-Login exiting user
-view reviews of locations
-favorite
-report
-log out


Functions which weren't implemented:
-location search
-Add rating
-Add feedback
-account deletion
Improvemennts that could be made to current iteration of prototype:
-
-
-

Things to note

maps api
server
autogenerated code
database




